Name				Type		Game		Description
Pistol				Weapon		Base		Equip: Once per round, when this Survivor performs an attack, do not roll for exposure.
Sniper Rifle			Weapon		Base		Equip: Once per round, you may kill 1 zombie at any location. Do not roll for exposure. This is not an attack.
Shotgun				Weapon		Base		Equip: Once per round, when this Survivor performs an attack, kill 2 zombies instead of 1. Do not roll for exposure. Place a noise token at tis location, if able.
Lighter				Weapon		Base		Equip: Once per round, when this Survivor performs an attack, you may pay a fuel card to kill 4 zombies instead of 1. Do not roll for exposure. Do not use the ability on the fuel card.
Switchblade			Weapon		Base		Equip: Once per round, you may spend an action die to attack with this Survivior (any die).

A Journey in Jazzercise		Book		Base		Equip: Once per round, you may reroll an unused action die you control.
Survivor's Cookbook		Book		Base		Equip: Once per round, if this Survivor is at the Colony, you may add 1 food token to the food supply.
Guide to Leadership		Book		Base		Equip: Once per round, you may increase an unused action die you control by 1.
Beginnner's Marshall Arts	Book		Base		Equip: Once per round, do not roll for exposure when performing an attack with this Survivor.
1,2,3 Barricades		Book		Base		Equip: Once per round, during your turn, you may build a barricade without spending an action die if this Survivor is at the colony.
Police Station Blueprints	Book		Base		Equip: Once per round, when performing at search at the Police Station, look at and keep one addition card.
Grocery Store Blueprints	Book		Base		Equip: Once per round, when performing at search at the Grocery Store, look at and keep one addition card.
Library Blueprints		Book		Base		Equip: Once per round, when performing at search at the Library, look at and keep one addition card.
Hospital Blueprints		Book		Base		Equip: Once per round, when performing at search at the Hospital, look at and keep one addition card.
Gas Station Blueprints		Book		Base		Equip: Once per round, when performing at search at the Gas Station, look at and keep one addition card.
School Blueprints		Book		Base		Equip: Once per round, when performing at search at the School, look at and keep one addition card.

Junk				Tool		Base		Waste Pile: You may reroll an unused action die you control.
Pad Lock			Tool		Base		Waste Pile: You may build 2 barricades at a location that a Survivor you control is at. This does not use an action die.
Night Vision Goggles		Tool		Base		Equip: At the beginning of each round, roll 1 aditional action die.
Walkie Talkie			Tool		Base		Equip: You may reduce the unused action die of another player by 1 to increase the value of an unused action die you control (you must decrease to increase).
Rotten Flesh			Tool		Base		Equip: When spreading a bite effect ignore this Survivor.
Hammer				Tool		Base		Equip: Once per round, when performing a barricade action, you may build 2 instead of 1.
Snow Shoes			Tool		Base		Equip: If you were to receive a frost bite wound, receive a wound instead.
Wrench				Tool		Base		Equip: Once per round, you may spend any unused action die to perform an attack with this Survivor
Scissors			Tool		Base		Waste Pile: Kill 1 zombie, do not roll for exposure.
Megaphone			Tool		Base		Waste Pile: Move 4 zombies from 1 location to a location that a Survivor you control is at.
Baseball Bat			Tool		Base		Equip: Once per round, when performing an attack with this Survivor, you may kill 2 zombies instead of 1.
Mop				Tool		Base		Equip: Once per round, when performing a clean waste action, you may remove 5 cards instead of 3.
Flashlight			Tool		Base		Equip: Once per round, when making noise, you may look at 3 cards instead of just 1.
Reading Lamp			Tool		Base		Waste Pile: Perform an attack with a Survivor you control without using an action die.

Medicine			Medicine	Base		Waste Pile: You may heal one wound on a Survivor you control or another player's Survivor that shares a location with a Survivor you control.
Adrenaline Shot			Medicine	Base		Waste Pile: Change an unused action die to the result of your choice.

Fuel				Fuel		Base		Waste Pile: When moving a Survivor you control, do not roll for exposure.

Food 1				Food		Base		Waste Pile: Add 1 food tokens to the food supply
Food 2				Food		Base		Waste Pile: Add 2 food tokens to the food supply
Food 3				Food		Base		Waste Pile: Add 3 food tokens to the food supply

Outsider 1			Survivor	Base		Event: Draw the top card of the Survivor deck and add that Survivor to your following. Add 0 Helpless Survivor(s) to the colony.
Outsider 2			Survivor	Base		Event: Draw the top card of the Survivor deck and add that Survivor to your following. Add 1 Helpless Survivor(s) to the colony.
Outsider 3			Survivor	Base		Event: Draw the top card of the Survivor deck and add that Survivor to your following. Add 2 Helpless Survivor(s) to the colony.